cinema synopses spoiler alert at Culver
University in Virginia general
Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce
Banner the colleague and boyfriend of
his daughter Betty regarding an
experiment that Ross claims is meant to
make humans immune to gamma radiation
the experiment part of a world war ii
era super soldier program that Ross
hopes to recreate fails and the exposure
to gamma radiation causes banner to
transform into the Hulk for brief
periods of time whenever his heart rate
rises above 200 the Hulk destroys the
lab and injures or kills the people
inside banner becomes a fugitive from
the US military and Ross in particular
who wants to weaponize the Hulk process
five years later
banner works at a bottling Factory in
Ksenia video de Janeiro in Brazil while
searching for a cure for his condition
on the internet he collaborates with a
colleague he knows only as mr. blue and
to whom he is mr. green he is also
learning yoga techniques to help keep
control and has not transformed in five
months after banner cuts his finger a
drop of his blood falls into a bottle
and is eventually ingested by an elderly
consumer in Milwaukee Wisconsin giving
him gamma sickness using the bottle to
track down Banner Ross sends a SWAT team
tell the active even seize them
Skol led by russian born british royal
marine a new Blonsky and a loan to SOCOM
from the royal marines to capture him
tranq him bring him back Banner
transforms into the Hulk and defeats
blonsky's team after this banner slowly
makes his way back home stopping to buy
more stretchy pants on his way this is
bad Spanish which means who is more
stretchy he is trying to ask do you have
anything stretch here
after Ross explains how banner became
the Hulk
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum which
gives him enhanced speed strength
agility and healing but also begins to
deform his skeleton and impair his
judgment Banner returns to Culver
University by the way this is a cameo of
Lou Ferrigno the original Hulk from 1978
banner reunites with Betty
[Music]
who's dating psychiatrist Leonard Samson
banner is attacked the second time by
Ross and blonsky's forces tipped off by
the suspicious Samson you did the right
thing causing him to again transform
into the home then suing battle outside
the university proves to be futile the
Ross's forces and they eventually
retreat though Blonsky whose sanity is
starting to falter boldly attacks and
mocks the Hulk the Hulk seemingly kills
Blonsky and please the Betty
after protecting her from dying after
the Hulk revert to banner he and Betty
go on the run and banner contacts mr.
blue who urges them to meet him in New
York City mr. blue is actually cellular
biologist dr. Samuel Sterns mr. blue who
tells banner he has developed a possible
antidote to Banias condition so are we
gonna do this after a successful test he
warns banner that the antidote may only
reverse each individual transformation
stern reveals he has synthesized banners
blood samples which banner sent from
Brazil into a large supply with the
intention of applying its to medicine
fearful of the Hulk's power falling into
the military's hands banner wishes to
destroy the blood supply meanwhile
Blonsky is revealed to have survived the
earlier battle at Culver University and
has completely healed
he joins Ross's forces for a third
attempt to take banner into custody
charge they succeed and banner along
with Betty are taken away in a
helicopter
Lansky stays behind and orders Stern's
to inject him with banners blood as he
covets the Hulk's power Stern's warns
that the combination of the
super-soldier formula and banners blood
may cause him to become an abomination
but Blonsky insists the experiment
mutates Blonsky into a creature with
size and strength surpassing that of the
Hulk but drives him mad he attacks
Stern's who gets some of banners blood
in a cut on his forehead causing him to
begin mutating as well
Blonsky then rampages through harlem
realizing that the hulk is the only one
who can stop Blonsky banner convinces
ross to release it it has to be me
if they take me back there he jumps from
Ross's helicopter and transforms after
hitting the ground after a long and
brutal battle through Harlem the Hulk
defeats Blonsky after having a small
peaceful moment with Betty The Hulk
flees from New York
a month later banner is in Bella Coola
British Columbia instead of trying to
suppress his transformation he
successfully transforms in a controlled
manner in a final scene Tony Stark
approaches Ross at a local bar and
informs him an allusion to the upcoming
creation of the Avengers
[Music]